and so now I want to show our new
purchase of this multi cooker pressure cooker
moulin and
it means the model is 500 1 132
significant category approximately
two and a half thousand
I choose it based on the fact that
Generally known firm though it
France
the company is french but we are correct
assembly everywhere china in general in all
even there the more expensive looked at
what was the build china so it was not
such a crucial moment
The principal was the moment that she precisely
is with a crown because it is prepared
meat from even faster brother
brochure
where moulinex was stated means
is there a time to cook
cooking if on
multi-cookers, pressure cookers and multi-cookers
that is, for example , I don’t know what
jelly in a slow cooker a half cooker
hours in the slow cooker just three hours well then
there is for saving let's say time
there was a crucial moment to have
crib start means
multi-cooker pressure cooker what does it mean here
something here some instructions pushes
our
it means the recipe book in it is stated 21
program means here's a pressure cooker under
the slow cooker the bowls this program is hot
they are generally made with the lid open
Well, to be honest, especially not yet
versed we will look at
least there is a recipe book with a common
Available and with pictures beautiful
understand different snacks here breakfast
soup and side dishes main dishes
a couple
pastries and desserts and drinks children's menu
By the way, there is a multi-function
learned multiplayer is something that you yourself
You can adjust it somewhere
packed all
so here it looks like this menu
it means to eat hot soup stewing double boiler
yogurt milk porridge
risk group baking and heating just
can support
heating means choose when
extinguish hot there or put out there
need to choose the type of product there is for
vegetables for fish and meat can
you can keep warm
delay to 24 hours
cooking means here here still have
pressure cooker valve when it works
it turns out when to cook right away
open by no means necessary
let off steam and click on the button she
comes down look what comes in the kit
here it is so tight it means gum
On the Internet, read reviews pants allegedly
the smell is gaining but nonetheless others
people advised they said that
initially need to be washed in water with
vinegar and everything will be fine
it means in the set there is a measuring cup
condensate collection container
when cooked pressure cooker there
clings to
it in the container he collects mean
but the paddle steamer double boiler strap
semantic is put here cook at home
the cup we took five-liter
and I do not know here how much is given in general
the cup broke five-liter until
I can figure out what's the scale of something
Well, we will understand it Teflon coating
qualitatively
as we are assured traders but
connects additionally I can say
21 programs
as stated not written on
Multivarki preparing pressurized meat
getting ready preparing faster
incredible have reviews about cooking
bean cereal pilaf well of course meat
so we will try
posting all happy subscribe
on my channel